test/check/README.md, before:

# `rosetta-cli` checks

Requires [rosetta-cli] `v0.6.6` or later

## `data`
Run a mainnet instance with the server exposed at `http://localhost:8080`
``` console
./bin/rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file ./configuration/data/byron_sample.json
./bin/rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file ./configuration/data/shelley_sample.json
./bin/rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file ./configuration/data/shelley_transition.json
```

## `construction`

Run a testnet instance with the server exposed at `http://localhost:8081`

### Transfer workflow

In order to run a simple transfer workflow please execute:

``` bash
# The recipient address where all funds will be sent. Ideally you should use your address or the faucet
export RECIPIENT="\"addr_test1qqr585tvlc7ylnqvz8pyqwauzrdu0mxag3m7q56grgmgu7sxu2hyfhlkwuxupa9d5085eunq2qywy7hvmvej456flknswgndm3\""
./bin/rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file ./configuration/construction/configuration.json
```

### Delegation workflow

This workflow generates a transaction that:

1. Create two keys, one for staking and one for payments
2. Generates a staking and base address
3. Waits for funds in the base address
4. Creates a transaction that registers the stake certificate and delegates to a pool provided as environment variable
5. Broadcasts the transaction and receives the change in the specified address

``` bash
# You need to define which pool are you going to delegate to. Export the pool key hash to do so
export POOL_KEY_HASH="\"6be215192dc01e5ca4cfba0959586f581a865bfccc2984478dad1657\""
# The recipient address where all funds will be sent. Ideally you should use your address or the faucet
export RECIPIENT="\"addr_test1qqr585tvlc7ylnqvz8pyqwauzrdu0mxag3m7q56grgmgu7sxu2hyfhlkwuxupa9d5085eunq2qywy7hvmvej456flknswgndm3\""
./bin/rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file ./configuration/construction/delegation-configuration.json
```

See the [QA doc] for implementation detail.

[rosetta-cli]: https://github.com/coinbase/rosetta-cli#install
[QA doc]: ../../docs/QA.md

Commit message:

docs: rosetta-cli single MA test documentation

test/check/README.md, after:

# `rosetta-cli` checks

Requires [rosetta-cli] `v0.6.6` or later

## `data`
Run a mainnet instance with the server exposed at `http://localhost:8080`
``` console
./bin/rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file ./configuration/data/byron_sample.json
./bin/rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file ./configuration/data/shelley_sample.json
./bin/rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file ./configuration/data/shelley_transition.json
```

## `construction`

Run a testnet instance with the server exposed at `http://localhost:8081`

### Transfer workflow

In order to run a simple transfer workflow please execute:

``` bash
# The RECIPIENT address where all funds will be sent. Ideally you should use your address or the faucet
RECIPIENT="\"addr_test1qqr585tvlc7ylnqvz8pyqwauzrdu0mxag3m7q56grgmgu7sxu2hyfhlkwuxupa9d5085eunq2qywy7hvmvej456flknswgndm3\"" ./bin/rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file ./configuration/construction/configuration.json
```

### Delegation workflow

This workflow generates a transaction that:

1. Create two keys, one for staking and one for payments
2. Generates a staking and base address
3. Waits for funds in the base address
4. Creates a transaction that registers the stake certificate and delegates to a pool provided as environment variable
5. Broadcasts the transaction and receives the change in the specified address

``` bash
# You need to define which pool are you going to delegate to. Use the POOL_KEY_HASH to do so
# The RECIPIENT address where all funds will be sent. Ideally you should use your address or the faucet
POOL_KEY_HASH="\"6be215192dc01e5ca4cfba0959586f581a865bfccc2984478dad1657\"" RECIPIENT="\"addr_test1qqr585tvlc7ylnqvz8pyqwauzrdu0mxag3m7q56grgmgu7sxu2hyfhlkwuxupa9d5085eunq2qywy7hvmvej456flknswgndm3\"" ./bin/rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file ./configuration/construction/delegation-configuration.json
```

### Single Multi Assets transaction

This workflow tests a transaction that spends (and splits) a single MultiAsset token. So:

1. An address is created and a specific token is expected
2. I sends `total token amount - 1` to the first recipient and just one token to the second one
3. All the ADA (if any left) are sent to an address 

_Note: Running this example is complex as it requires a sender that owns tokens (for example by minting) and can send them to the rosetta-cli generated address. It's strongly recommended to use [this helper scripts](https://github.com/james-iohk/scripts) created by James that will make your life way much easier._

``` bash
# TOKENS_TO_RECEIVE_AMOUNT is the amount pf tokens (non-ada) that will be received
# MA_RECIPIENT_1 The address that will receive TOKENS_TO_RECEIVE_AMOUNT - 1
# MA_RECIPIENT_2 The address that will receive 1 token
# TOKEN_NAME Hex encoded token name that will be received
# POLICY_ID Hex encoded policy id linked to the token to be received
# RECIPIENT address that will receive the remaining ADA

TOKENS_TO_RECEIVE_AMOUNT="\"5\"" MA_RECIPIENT_1="\"addr_test1qrdn052npj6t8kx8k6c9ftdquwd29ctgfwxw7adt5h57uqr7qdk9h8zwhgg8m30qgzau09j7v2vm0zdflmc6grsjmqtq7q542z\"" MA_RECIPIENT_2="\"addr_test1qz3tw7ws2n0kf79vafjtw0jfjx787kzxmlx02yqq7e50ggsxu2hyfhlkwuxupa9d5085eunq2qywy7hvmvej456flkns79y22u\"" TOKEN_NAME="\"616c616e5465737431\"" POLICY_ID="\"3e6fc736d30770b830db70994f25111c18987f1407585c0f55ca470f\"" RECIPIENT="\"addr_test1qr670l0rlzv67jfd3d5l9t6rzy7lv9jzt7fnqefckfzv7dtrglt8qqfwllj3h6kw6zly45fk305xreswcds6nxuyyc6s55h05v\"" ./bin/rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file ./configuration/construction/transfer-ma.json



```

See the [QA doc] for implementation detail.

[rosetta-cli]: https://github.com/coinbase/rosetta-cli#install
[QA doc]: ../../docs/QA.md
